2. Include the name of all of your team members in the document to be submitted (2 points)
	John Hunt, Jonathan Painter, James Rinehart, Eden Woland 

3. List the source of and describe at least 4 potential data sets (8 points)
	Eden Potential Data Set:
		○ https://www.who.int/data/gho/data/themes/mortality-and-global-health-estimates/ghe-leading-causes-of-death
			§ Describe: The top 10 causes of death in the US for both sexes and all ages 2019, 2015, 2010
			§ Customer: Humans in the US looking to see the common causes of death, hopefully with the goal to improve their health
				
			§ Problem and Product Vision: People are often scared of things like airplanes for they come across unsafe, when in reality heart health                              causes more death than airplanes by a long shot. If people are able to easily see the most common causes of death maybe they can improve                            their health and anxiety. 
				§ FOR (target customer)
					Ages 18-50 as they are the ones who use apps the most it seems. 
				§ WHO (statement of the need or opportunity)
					Humans in the US looking to see the common causes of death, hopefully with the goal to improve their health
				§ The (PRODUCT NAME) is a (product category)
					○ The "Panic " app is Health and Fitness
				§ THAT (key benefit, compelling reason to buy)
					Fast and easy, multiple ways to see the plots. 
				§ UNLIKE (primary competitive alternative)
					○ Tik Toc and Instagram give a lot of information using some of this data to back it up. I have noticed that they simply 					visualize the datasets like this and prove a point. 
				§ OUR PRODUCT (statement of primary differentiation)
				This app is different than Instagram and tic toc suggestions and data suggestion because it is directly from the website, with                                        multiple different ways to view Major Features: View information in different views, such as graph vs. chart. Possibly see what 					they are at most risk for once they filter the information by their data like "woman, BMI, age"
